---
layout:     post
title:      RASHFORD: 
subtitle:   A FEW THINGS I WOULD LIKE TO SAY
date:       2024-10-18
author:     BY dingP
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - MARCUS RASHFORD
---

## Preface

A FEW THINGS I WOULD LIKE TO SAY



## Text

In a long read entitled ‘Who I Really Am’, our 26-year-old Academy graduate speaks openly and honestly about recent narratives surrounding his career. Rashford admits he has made mistakes and takes responsibility, but states he has to speak up when his commitment to the Reds is questioned. 

You can read some of the standout sections here…

‘IT’S LIKE QUESTIONING MY IDENTITY’

“I don’t normally like to respond to things said about me,” says Marcus. “It’s not in my nature. I’m an introvert. I don’t even like talking about myself, unless I really know you. So 99% of the time, I can ignore the noise. But sometimes, certain lines get crossed, and I can’t help but want people to just understand who I am as a person.”

After discussing the spotlight that has shone on him since the pandemic, sometimes unfairly, Marcus accepts it goes with the territory, but he won't accept falsehoods.

“Listen, I’m not a perfect person,” he says. “When I make a mistake, I’ll be the first one to put my hand up and say that I need to do better. But if you ever question my commitment to Man United, that’s when I have to speak up. It’s like somebody questioning my entire identity, and everything I stand for as a man. I grew up here. I have played for this club since I was a boy. My family turned down life-changing money when I was a kid so I could wear this badge.”

